When I first went to tooting and natural Pradesh near Tibetan border or a natural border around like 2021, there was a track doing by locals, mostly Tibetan people sitapuri track, okay? So that track was highly religious and everyone has to do it once or twice in his life and you know, people used to get hallucinations there. It was kind of like pilgrimage, not even a track. Okay, so many people, you know, ask me to not try it because I wanted to, I asked I was curious and the thing is later, I was reading a lot about Maya and vajrayana. And I came to know about this fact that there is a writing, my Guru in poche, also known as Padma sambhava, the text known as like, in encouragement, to Edward the hindrance of dark times in the year of iron door. Okay, that was a little tight. Okay, so the thing is, in that writing, he made a prediction, okay? The prophecy of Guru in poche, that's what they call it. So he said in modern time  Future. Okay the dark times that's how he you know mentioned it. There will be immense suffering War famine disease environmental turmoil and you know the elements Against Humanity will rise. Okay. So he predicted today's time in a very precise way in his writings and then he said, in that period of time, people will go to pay more land because it's not just a place. Okay. It's literally, it's not just so graphy. It is like a resetting, okay? So resetting of karmic Readiness that how he said that he have, okay, there are a lot of thermas which are hidden there basically teaching software in coach and that's what Thurman is. So he said like Pima appears when ordinary reality no longer works. So when system fails, when concept breaks down, when identity is all people will get attracted to what that land and I had no clue about these things but I still, you know, decided to go in that land. So I always feel there for  Some some sort of Truth in that philosophy because in my life, I was highly systematic. I was living like a normal computer engineer live, but I realized like, systems do not work and there was something like, what are those teachings were? I was kind of attracted to it, okay?  I really want to make that track someday, actually, I am so curious about